fix(sp-textfield): update border width and color for s2/Express (#5734)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: .changeset/new-hounds-admire.md

---
'@spectrum-web-components/textfield': patch
---

> **Fixed** : Update border color and block start padding inside the textarea component for S2 and Express themes

Reviewer: This can be updated to include block end padding/block padding more generally as well! These changes will also affect textfield, so we can also reflect that here as well.

```suggestion
**Fixed** : Update border color and block padding inside the textfield and textarea components for S2 and Express themes
```
